Documentation for RO (#189)
ROCm-Developer-Tools/ROC_SHMEM: docs/compile_and_run.rst

    * - ROCSHMEM_UNIQUEID_WITH_MPI
      - 0
      - Defines whether rocSHMEM is expected to use MPI when using the uniqueId based initialization.
    * - ROCSHMEM_RO_DISABLE_IPC
      - 0

>       - Force using the RO conduit even if IPC is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Defines whether to force using the RO conduit even when IPC is available.
```
